https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios nok
https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps nok
https://github.com/matteocrippa/awesome-swift nok
https://github.com/HeroTransitions/Hero ok
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxSwift nok
https://github.com/CosmicMind/Material ok
https://github.com/Ramotion/animated-tab-bar ok
https://github.com/xmartlabs/Eureka ok
https://github.com/Ramotion/folding-cell ok
https://github.com/IBAnimatable/IBAnimatable nok
https://github.com/ninjaprox/NVActivityIndicatorView nok
https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift nok
https://github.com/kickstarter/ios-oss nok
https://github.com/Juanpe/SkeletonView nok
https://github.com/mac-cain13/R.swift nok
https://github.com/Swift-AI/Swift-AI ok
https://github.com/olucurious/Awesome-ARKit nok
https://github.com/patchthecode/JTAppleCalendar ok
https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen nok
https://github.com/marcosgriselli/ViewAnimator ok
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/Sourcery nok
https://github.com/Yalantis/Koloda ok 
https://github.com/SwiftKickMobile/SwiftMessages ok
https://github.com/hyperoslo/ImagePicker nok
https://github.com/exyte/Macaw ok
https://github.com/SwiftyBeaver/SwiftyBeaver nok
https://github.com/soapyigu/Swift-30-Projects nok
https://github.com/SwipeCellKit/SwipeCellKit nok
https://github.com/alexaubry/BulletinBoard ok
https://github.com/WenchaoD/FSPagerView ok
https://github.com/louisdh/panelkit nok
https://github.com/radex/SwiftyUserDefaults nok
https://github.com/garnele007/SwiftOCR ok
https://github.com/hyperoslo/Whisper nok
https://github.com/bizz84/SwiftyStoreKit nok
https://github.com/shu223/iOS-10-Sampler not
https://github.com/Yalantis/StarWars.iOS ok
https://github.com/KelvinJin/AnimatedCollectionViewLayout ok
https://github.com/eggswift/ESTabBarController ok
https://github.com/SoySauceLab/CollectionKit nok
https://github.com/DaveWoodCom/XCGLogger
https://github.com/CVCalendar/CVCalendar
https://github.com/Yalantis/Persei
https://github.com/square/Valet
https://github.com/PaoloCuscela/Cards
https://github.com/CocoaDebug/CocoaDebug
https://github.com/EFPrefix/EFQRCode
https://github.com/Ramotion/circle-menu
https://github.com/Swinject/Swinject
https://github.com/xmartlabs/XLActionController
https://github.com/BohdanOrlov/iOS-Developer-Roadmap
https://github.com/hyperoslo/Presentation
https://github.com/Yalantis/GuillotineMenu
https://github.com/linkedin/LayoutKit
https://github.com/willowtreeapps/spruce-ios
https://github.com/Lax/iOS-Swift-Demos
https://github.com/AugustRush/Stellar
https://github.com/Yalantis/Side-Menu.iOS
https://github.com/Ramotion/paper-switch
https://github.com/BeauNouvelle/FaceAware
https://github.com/Ramotion/paper-onboarding
https://github.com/wireapp/wire-ios
https://github.com/shoheiyokoyama/Gemini
https://github.com/mobileplayer/mobileplayer-ios
https://github.com/freshOS/Stevia
https://github.com/shaps80/Peek
https://github.com/Daltron/NotificationBanner
https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS
https://github.com/dennisweissmann/DeviceKit
https://github.com/saoudrizwan/Disk
https://github.com/Ramotion/reel-search
https://github.com/IcaliaLabs/Presentr
https://github.com/ytakzk/Fusuma
https://github.com/madebybowtie/FlagKit
https://github.com/jathu/UIImageColors
https://github.com/IvanVorobei/SPPermission
https://github.com/Ramotion/navigation-stack
https://github.com/Touchwonders/Transition
https://github.com/Baddaboo/ClassicKit
https://github.com/ChiliLabs/CHIPageControl
https://github.com/aslanyanhaik/youtube-iOS
https://github.com/HarshilShah/DeckTransition
https://github.com/ApplikeySolutions/VegaScroll
https://github.com/alexdrone/Render
https://github.com/Ramotion/adaptive-tab-bar
https://github.com/bustoutsolutions/siesta
https://github.com/Ramotion/preview-transition
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/LifetimeTracker
https://github.com/yapstudios/YapAnimator
https://github.com/HarshilShah/NotchKit
https://github.com/Yalantis/DisplaySwitcher
https://github.com/devxoul/URLNavigator
https://github.com/Yalantis/Segmentio
https://github.com/FolioReader/FolioReaderKit
https://github.com/BendingSpoons/katana-swift
https://github.com/i-schuetz/SwiftCharts
https://github.com/SebastianBoldt/Jelly
https://github.com/netguru/ResponseDetective
https://github.com/Cosmo/TinyConsole
https://github.com/Urinx/iOSAppHook
